# income_mortality_fertility
This document explores three data sets:  1) The fertiltiy rate: The average number of children per woman in each country since 1880 until now (the end of year 2020)  2) The income per person: Gross domestic product(GDP) per capita(divided by the population of the country) that is adjusted to reflect the purchasing power parity (PPP) and to take into account the years' inflation rate, in international dollars, fixed 2011 prices, PPP based on 2011 ICP; in each country since 1880 until now (the end of year 2020)  3) The mortality of children whose ages are between 0 to 5 years old in every thousand born children in each country since 1880 until now (the end of year 2020)  This document answers to these questions:  1) Do people in countries whose enfant mortality high, tend to give birth to more children (fertility rate) to compensate their dead children?  2) Is there any relationship between the income of people and their fertility rate?  3) Does the financial state of people affect their enfant mortality?  4) Is there any tendencies in fertility rate along years?  5) Is there any tendencies in enfant mortality along years?  6) Is there any tendencies in personal income along years?  7) What is the order of countries and continents according to fertility rate in 2020?  8) What is the order of countries and continents according to the income per person in 2020?  9) What is the order of countries and continents according to the enfant mortality in 2020?
